Description of Scripts and Codes
================

# Procedure for Analysis

The **Prepare and Standardize Data** script prepares the data stored in
the EPT Master and FCT Master CSV files through the following steps: \*
Create 12 separate dataframes by group (3), task (2), and morpheme (2);
3x2x2 design \* Remove comparison participants aged below 13 years at
time of arrival in the U.S. \* Remove “valorar” and “conseguir” from the
mood data, as these verbs do not categorically select subjunctive
inflections \* Standardize all remaining variables \* Generate CSV files
for each of the 12 dataframes that are ready for statistical analysis

Compute statistics using three scripts, one per group \* **Comparison
Data** contains models for comparison participants (not reported in
manuscripts) ***Heritage Data** contains models for heritage speakers
(no proficiency) ***L2 Learners Data** contains all models for L2
learners (includes proficiency)

Complete lexical item analysis for heritage speakers using the **Lexical
Item Analysis** script (this reads values from the self-reported
frequency questionnaire and runs a correlation with the Davies (2006)
token frequencies)<br />

Prepare descriptive statistics through three scripts: \* The
**Participant Stats** script provides descriptive statistics of all
participant groups. \* The **Preterit Descriptive Stats** script is used
to generate plots for use of the preterit with state verbs. \* The
**Subjunctive Descriptive Stats** script is used to generate plots for
use of the subjunctive mood.
